* - short wait ??
** - longer wait - stil thinking
*** - a time, longer? i have forgotten something
**** - non-existebt, something. it ***means*** something
***** - a loss. a memory. a dream that stayed. there is no more.
you lie.you beautiful. 
a dream
*****
›
›
›
› I was becoming a sort of... creature of darkness
› delusional creature
› delusional
› lies
› no- no, ! thats not the way. forget it - no, this. choose one-choose another - forgetit, shit
› 'delusional' my dream said. I couldn't write that down.
› I grow my dreams;  i make them bigger, and bigger, and bigger. at the bottom the lottom the root of everything , you grow, you understand what you don't from the basics of society - thought - and life
› and even now this dream is insignificant. nut they appeatrt incredibly significant now - i march towards infinity -, i forget and inuseise this dream, - compress and combine to contribute - even if transitionary and quiet and useless - to my grand dream that continues always. I am not aware of it. It does not exist. what do you see?

*** 
› accelleration - it continues. i say, you have to be careful. i think of 'new things every day.
**
input and stimulus are important for you. Consume more experience more do more just go and whatever and when you come back you might have more to think about. and say. 
i have to watch a flesh tv show and bit of anime too soon. ill give violet evergarden another try, maybe the vibes will be more passive and evident.

** *
I go on walks now. the past three weeks. that exam blocj changed me. i didn't go outside. i watched vtubers. i rotted. i especially also watched vtubers who i normally dont.

after 2 years, i go on this walk. today. i view it like a child. like- looking at it. the arrangement of everything gives me emotions. the three trees lined up along the curve. the bushes reeking past my side. every tree looks different. today there were some pink flowers hidden, some white flowers, and a massive flower bush glowing behind the sun. three staircases  like that anime i haven't watched, leaves and trees hanging over my head, the sky's silhouhette behind the arrangement, over the fence, cars parked. it's incomplete as my memory, but  its real.

*
i pretend im hopeless. deprived. unable to think of more. i have so much power, i think of more things to say and do and feel in every second, but i dont say a thing but what they expect. a comforting ghost. i have so much power. humanity, my shell, i hold myself back. 
what is myself? You. does that speak of your inner thpughts, what you do, what you have the potential to do, your dreams and desires.. or your being. your mindless walking, your ever growing conclusion in inability. let's try. 

hwat i noticed: i'm always trying to get better, to be better, and my performance suffers much much worse. i change slowly.

i imagine a constantly changing, perfect character. as if it never made sense in context. from one thought to the next. and i want to say it i want to pronounce my dreams as reality and i want it all to be true. i will try to say, ill say what comes to my mind instead of hesitating and never saying it. but i need to change. i have to watch the second episode of arknights today since i watched the first and felt so much. i need more. 

xolics. i watched her again. as if my dreams werent true. and this voice will change, this voice will suffer its suffering and grow. i can only pretend. i only lurked. i can only be here, be together, care,  care a bit, share a bit of my life, and pretend i knowbit all. its hopeful. the stars in my eyes fade rapidly with time, as reality reveals itself in one motto: all things are false, and you will follow the algorithm of life. 

the meaningless heaven 
the perfect life
the transition of time
death

hope, perfection, loss, dream, glory, connection, death, truth, and life.
no.. ####... help me
new standard. #### (or any length of #) is what has been censored to ovbiously protect myself and others' privacy. usually its just names, might be a place or something and i might be paranoid. no doxxing.
helpu me
help mr
help me
forward connection... darknewss.
the walls od darkness hold me back.
they trap me in my perfect shell.
stuck.
i act now, but will i act later.
no.
ill try. i can only try. and lose. its all meaningless. i just want to know you and your world and your perspective on it. i want to know everyhing and learn emotuons. i enjoy it for some reason. how did i escape... before... i cast it away. i lost it all as if through instinct and felt no need to talk. i stopped worrying. my hair grew long. my life moved quickly. nothing happened - exactly the eway i liked it. i cried in bed and stared at the trees. the forest. my freedo.m . i tried to survive. is this depression? a loss of life - it looks like the great gatsby all over again. 
DTOP
STOP
believe in nothing
see mothing
the world will reveal itself to you.
***

how can you live in familiarity and pretend it's yours. they basically had(have) trust issues. brought up and conformed to what they were given and told, and somehow dwelled in the familiarity of such a situation and it was ok. and now you tell others to conform and break, as if just to make them suffer the same fate. such a cruel world. but as you grow up, as your emotions become passive and your view on the world simple abd straightforward and emotionless, anything is possible. and belief can be shaped and moulded, your complete world is the smallest but your mind sees nothing more. I know the feeling. the world is simple, society is simple, you are ultimately simple. and your emotions suffer and blow away as if they never existed. once you know your truth, the truth, the world becomes your potato. huh. yueyue brainrot yippeeeeeeeee

oh, i told myself today:
with fear must come confidence, 
for with knowledge of it all, you must choose your path
yet they all seem the same. i cant choose. you choose the familiar choice you understand better. 
it is just an emulation of knowledge of it all - you know one thing - and a feeling and pretend of another.
of course you can learn?

**
I want more.
I said once, that depression is wanting more than what the world gives you. the wrong environment, the wrong feeling. it was disgusting. hurt me. thats all i can say.
the algorithm is far, far above us, and evolution shapes our mind. the largest servant to society couldn't accept it how it was. 
its far far on top of us, encompassing the world. 
**
-------------------

From a world of pure darkness, a single light rose..
It grew and grew.
Quickly, it radiated across the entire universe. 
At the center of this glaring light, a creature floated in the expanse of space. It opened its unfamiliar eyes.
The light disappeared.
 -------

you might have noticed, i havent explained it once. seeing something and seeing more emotions and meaning in it. thats sort of all you would need. i cant recite everything and dox myself. 

everyone has a purpose in life they see. all similar yk in a way. i saw that while looking at their faces, still dreaming and envisioning my own. funny it happens now, when i become more loving of people. an understanding of life never leaves me. 
--hh

it all ended yesterday. at the thought of my best friend leaving me, i cried. i cry quietly and snot a lot. not many tears. probably an instinct wired into me from the 1-2 years, 5 years ago. i told her. she called me. i let everything out quietly. we didn't talk much. it meant everythting. "we still have one more year". "____". "its okay". in the cutest voice quietly and miserable, "bye bye". i'll never leave you. not until you find that peaceful happiness. but i never want to leave you. its the same as before. i remember i went through the final days with barely an extra thought. i couldn't imagine it. now, its all too real. only after it was all gone and i accepted it as fate could i cry to hell and die. ruin and lose the world. no- i cried before, i knew it would happen. actually, i didn't i endured it. it wasn't real until the moment it had to be. when you're forced to forget and move on and face new real life. i just want everything to be real. year 7 - i thought (decided) it was all lies and fake and mockery and . 
and after that i tried to cleaned myself up a little and cried and snotted a bit for like 6-7 minutes. then i took a shower, and for the first time in ages in a long long time, i put on the shampoo and body wash without a second thought. it was again. i hadnt felt that way in years. i focused on the present but i was able to do it. what i thought is what i did. not really. 
i got out of the shower. it was night time. sat in my room, stared into space like always while slowly putting my excema cream on. i had to do something. im trying to be faster at putting excema cream on recently. then i got changed, walked to the dining room in the darkness. there's one pale blue lamp in the corner. i finished the brocolli and carrot left of my dinner, and ate a little bit of the packet waffle leftover. i thought about coding, and no, i wasn't going to do that. after that shower, i was the same again - its only when i get triggered. the sadness was faded. the happiness was in sight. the fun with friends was all i needed to live. lie - its all that matters in practice. otherwise you will never know anything. the darkness will grow and contribute. philosophical facts fading and true, my abs hurt. i did a few pushups, got out of my chair slouched on the couch. when its night time and you could sleep, you're very good at staring into space. perfection does not exist. you weren't perfect, your life wasn't perfect, you weren't special. you made friends and had fun with them. maybe you cared a little more about them. i cared more. i had chances - i had one year, one life, and many different people to meet. thati might care again.
life has already begun.

