hello
why do i want to write a book
i want to become a legend
and i want you to know
that i'm the way i am not because i try hard
not just because i want to
not for the glory
but because i have to
i'm stuck in my cage.
i learn what i learn.
i take what i'm given.
 i am nothing else
but who i want to be.

so slowly, ill tell you about myself. my mind. my world. how it drove me to nothing, to the bottom of the world; the truth dangles in your hands, a string of echoing presence and signals; that runs and runs in nothing; you see it. you reach it, but observe. You tell yourself a fraction, an evidence of truth. it is everything you hear. only a fraction, it fills everything and falls under your incomplete thesis. 


these are just my thoughts. or glazed up words to describe what i don't fully remember. but they were a thought. 

*****

when I was a child, i could never remember things. not at will i mean. i have adhd, so thats definitely why. 
once i said "How do I remember things?". 
he said "You sort of just, tell yourself to remember"
so i told myself to remember, and it worked. 
"Remember this". say it in your head, but speak to yourself. Remember it. 
Remember everything.
It works for many things. until you stop doing it, of course. 
"Never think that again." Now you thought of it. "never". think. And i remember thinking about thinking. not thinking of anything about thinking, but thinking about thinking. I'm not thinking about thinking. Stop it, don't think about it. thats how you forget, yep just dont think about it. thats literally it. thinking. That's thinking about thinking.


*****

i'm beyond that now. i wrote that because i felt like it before. i'm getting better - i talk more than i used to. i'm less depressed. school days feel less empty. but there's always things i don't understand. socially, they might be far, far more experienced and knowledgable, but I can't even. some things, i think, i will never be able to relearn the purpose of. a joke, a laugh, a continuous narrative of cnversation, fictional but yourself,  and talking about nothing and everything, in life. distracted. i have to write this because i still don't understand. that's the best explanation i have at the moment. Yet i understand more, as through the initial, well, at some time, meaninglessness of speech,and we are disgusting. but later i  decide that one thing leads to another, and we are simplistic, trapped little beings. the things we are exposed to, told, shape us. 

but i'm just []different. i don't understand how people choose this normal life - social, working, not always happy but always with hope left inside. i refuse to do what doesn't make me hapoy. is a large moment of happiness, endless and filling, enough to make me lose consciousness in every time i folliw the path of life and do things irrelevant and useless to myself? like at school, majority of the things you learn will be useless. chemistry, enthalpy? most people aren't concerned with these things
atoms, math, english, writing essays to create meaning . i understand it only because i learn't to. english used to be shit, stupid. i wrote stories that were too unrealistic, too unacceptable. one where a baby killed someone. i made it make sense, yet it wasn't realistic. shall i follow your recipe for dreams? 
but before that, and for most of the time, any essay or story i wrote would be uncreative, bullshitting it just by replicating whatever we were told to do. moststories i could write were meaningless, because i forced myself to write. if i didn't i wouldn't have anything to write about. random ideas are rare, and some were stupid. there is nothing else. 


reading back, the question of life that remains: will i do what i hate? will i change, lose my mind as i've gained it, and grow to the decidedly meaningless being that the rest of the world follows? you want a taste of existential dread?
everyone does the same thing inlife here - we make friends, we see family, we grow, we work, or we dont, like many others. an infinite amount of people in the world, of which you are no different, you will follow the path of all others. is the life you were told all you can see? i see you - but you're another one of the millions who comfort the same friend and follow the same simulation of life. youre born into this world without choice, as a conscious, but just human, little mind, forced to roam the world Because You Want To. you make decisions, you see the world you make decisions based off the reality you're given. you are stuck nowhere else. predetermined, many cells formed your body asany others, seeing the world with your eyes, but you're another organism following what ultimately was not your choice, but the choice you were given, without choice, to Make a little decision about yourself and move on. stuck here, you are nothing.
.
a job, a life, a school, a many informations not absorbed but seen, maybe without meaning but of course kept anyway, for life.

the only escape is escape, and forget this for a moment.

will lose my mind as i've gained it? 
consciousness. 

and i need to write it all. tell you all. you suck. i'll learn more, get to the bottom of this, learn myself and you at the same time this time. i want to know what goes through your mind. human thoughts like myself like these, for sure, but i want to go deeper.HaHa, it sounds exactly how it should, though i didn't try to, and i can't feel or imagine it anymore. - cool, destroyed, but really i was able to finally write down what i thought before. i remember it well, especially because i believe it as far as i know still. next time.

***
i wasn't as good at writing in the following. i think less; my head is less wrapped in the feeling yet its still easy to follow.
...
there's a part of me that doesn't listen. it's always there. it's affected by everything i do and experience. i go home, i'm drained, dead, sleep-deprived, and i couldn't do anything if i tried to. but i continue anyway. should i try to sleep to my once-oshi, which i didn't? no, now i realise, as i already have, i dream of these little dreams of ideal reality that will never happen because they are not ideal. i mean, they're not real, and in reality things were different. while i consciously considered it, i could do nothing as it was already decided it was not the way. i dont follow those paths and they are the decisions i left behind. i didn't do anything. should i have slept, listened to vtubers and healed before trying so hard? did i need to? yet the pain and headache faded for reality, and i became singleminded. it was rewarding. lossful, wanting more, regretting, but rewarded for what i had despite yearning for so much more.

i might be going above myself again. my favourite, who i don't know why i loved so much, has moved on. theres i lot i'm not in the mind to explain right now. i also noticed it doesn't seem like people fall asleep to her streams anymore. just thoughts - i'm unable to watch anyway so i can't know for sure. but i fear still that i might not want to watch if i could. free will, intelligence is an illusion. intelligence is confidence. i don't fully understand that yet. i still love. i see the degeneracy sometimes. i'll think that the people i love only do it for the sake of coping. only to survive, be wrapped in social, beautiful reality, while your thoughts hold regrets and worries in the back of your mind. is the emptiness enough?  but maybe like me, the fulfillment you get provides something, no matter how little, or more you want, or no matter how little the everything means to you.

and now i stop to question my love, for a second. i'm not depressed - i'm philosophical. this will never end as long i don't find definitive truth. and then i'll think more. 

there's a dream i think of often , of my future self. actually, there's so many. i want to be everything - so i think of everything. i can't stick to a single character who follows their role. they're smaller. i see through them as nothing sometimes - yet sometimes i relate to them and see them as human. aftee thinking literally, the only question remains: do they do it because they are weak and they know it, do they believe they have degeneracy and follow their only choice, or do they do it because from their world and experience, aa detailed as your own, they have come to believe it is the right choice?
do they hate what they do? (the meaning, briefly, sounds different to what words i say. yet i'll never know because that meaning holds no meaning on its own. by my judgement, analysing it would not be possible. i remember learning that judgement, though that's as shallow as the judgement itself.)
not all the thoughts i put here are as meaningful as they sound - they are still quite unclear, but i put them in words in the direction they follow anyway. not too far here though.
I still don't think about what they said. i'm one of them. i remember i thought. that's it. from now on, i only write my thoughts. i get a feels of purposelessness whenever i do it wrong. okay, thats it. once, and possibly a long time ago, (ive accepted it i guess) talking was special. personal. in a unformed broad memory, i talked to be special, not no-one. today, when i talked, though still not too much, i was simply following. react when. showed my thoughts. i was justone of them. in the group, . What i Once hated. i don't know specifically what i thought back then. probably deterred from from my mind. pernamently. hey, who knows? maybe i've just grown out of it; my mind has grown out of it. i different perspective on the world is me now, aNd i cannot know the reason behind what i used to think. except for one thing, everything, that is, that explains everything. not only a different me, a child but a different environment, world, in front of me,, it was confronting. i was empty - i was so full of memories and friendship lost, so from where i stood, i was full of everything. i didn't know why i was here, i didn't know my purpose or my reason to continue in happiness and death and oblivious continuation of life, because at the moment the doors opened and my freedom was LOST, i saw more, i noticed more, and hated more. i continued on without reason as any one doesa, i kept writing wordst that never meant anything. even as i lose my mind to the talk and hate and laughs that follow the pattern of my former happiness, and the words on the wall and paper and sky to tell me; i still took it in. i cried sometimes; i becamd wrapped in my own mind and emotions which triggered at a thought of meaninglessness . everything stems from here. i'm changed, and i can't begin to imagine any other path i could take, because as i said. it's not destiny, not your predefined path you follow unknowingly, but rather your unknowledge in the first place that brings you where you are. 

i  d o n t  c a r e

make that dream real. make the time now, because NOTHING will change.
your chance is now. to be everything or nothing. make life yours.

what is the point of being happy if- if- if- I can't do what i want to?

in this book every now and then you will see things that a mere silly dreams of mine. they won't be true as far as my thoughts can be; but you can think of them as simply seen and written through a smaller circle, simply exaggerated views... and obviously i cant say anymore. some things were 4 to 5 years ago.

sometimes i think to do everything is to be equibrilium in nothing

***
now i know, the reason i write so meticulously is to make sure you might understand what happens, and some of the thoughts behind the wall.
and thats it. stuff happened. 
forget. i forgot.
i don't need to know this.

i don't wish to find meaning in nothing and the meaningless. i wish to create new meaning, create a new world for you to experience. simply because i cant find meaning in this. currently. and i can't pretend.

lately, before, life felt weird. i made a new friend. i know her so well. i still don't understand. but the confusion is unclear: it lies in social anxiety now.
AAH
anyway, not today but any time before that:
many times, we had periods of silence. i could think of something to say, sometimes, and i didn't. but she listened to everything i said. she stayed with me to the end. i did nothing wrong. i tried. and she asked me again. it's okay to have nothing to talk about, i realised. or i already knew. don't out your head down - unless from tiredness. in anxiety, keep the world and reality and them in front of your face. don't let them fade out - they judge you every second, they empathise in every moment. when the social covers all of this up, in the future, and you know it doesn't exist, you can dream of providing them with more to think about. you can just observe.
Look behind the words.

i felt distanced in a way. life is weird. i lost my immersion in xolics.
** looking back on what i've written a bit, i realise- remember i was very condescending of myself. i don't want to lose my mind.
see, i have to essentially make things up. not really, no, but i can't write everything. it's perfectly concievable in my mind, but inconcievable in words. the memories and emotions tell me everything. able to look back on myself, i see a different environment - one that deterred and hated and removed me in every way. a solidarity, a laughing happiness for in a community i never joined. i was not viewing myself or my minimal perception of you, but instead viewed others, people i really would never know or understand, but i didcnt know that. i understand their happiness - its appealing, its assumedly easy to access or the same as everything else. it'z social, and i wish i knew it. its like what i did. i dont know what i did before, but i know it didn't require thinking much. i was trained to do such a thing quickly and edficiently, its effectiveness unknown, itcs valuable the same. Evil Neuro is an inspiration to my childhood. i was much less of course
even now, the universe bends and shifts in my way, and i know as it changes.
***
..
except for one minor overlook. before, i thought clearly. or i always thought so - if not, i was desensitised to the feeling to the point of peak. now, i see reality and see my life, and this active thinking, dead or alive, seems to not fit.


***

conscious thought has overtaken my mind, and yet it has no roots in reality. 

as i leaned on the pole to my left, my blazer-covered shoulder, uniformed took a uncanny shift in position as if in a failed attempt to escape the crushing weight of this blazer, this environment. autism. hate. but it was inside, and i felt like nothing but an imagined thought of more substance to reality as purpose or comfort.
lies.
